now it shall come to pass in the latter
now it shall come to pass in the latter days that the mountain of the Lord's
days that the mountain of the Lord's
days that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established on the top of
house shall be established on the top of
house shall be established on the top of the mountains and shall be exalted above
the mountains and shall be exalted above
the mountains and shall be exalted above the hills and people's shall flow to it
the hills and people's shall flow to it
the hills and people's shall flow to it many nations shall come and say come and
many nations shall come and say come and
many nations shall come and say come and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord
let us go up to the mountain of the Lord
let us go up to the mountain of the Lord to the house of the God of Jacob he will
to the house of the God of Jacob he will
to the house of the God of Jacob he will teach us his ways and we shall walk in
teach us his ways and we shall walk in
teach us his ways and we shall walk in his paths for out of zion the law shall
his paths for out of zion the law shall
his paths for out of zion the law shall go forth and the word of the Lord from
go forth and the word of the Lord from
go forth and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem he shall judge between many
Jerusalem he shall judge between many
Jerusalem he shall judge between many peoples and rebuke strong nations afar
peoples and rebuke strong nations afar
peoples and rebuke strong nations afar off they shall beat their swords into
off they shall beat their swords into
off they shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning
plowshares and their spears into pruning
plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks nation shall not lift up sword
hooks nation shall not lift up sword
hooks nation shall not lift up sword against nation neither shall they learn
against nation neither shall they learn
against nation neither shall they learn war anymore
war anymore
war anymore but everyone shall sit under his vine
but everyone shall sit under his vine
but everyone shall sit under his vine and under his fig tree and no one shall
and under his fig tree and no one shall
and under his fig tree and no one shall make them afraid for the mouth of the
make them afraid for the mouth of the
make them afraid for the mouth of the Lord of Hosts has spoken for all people
Lord of Hosts has spoken for all people
Lord of Hosts has spoken for all people walk each in the name of his God but we
walk each in the name of his God but we
walk each in the name of his God but we will walk in the name of the Lord our
will walk in the name of the Lord our
will walk in the name of the Lord our God for ever and ever
God for ever and ever
God for ever and ever in that day says the Lord I will
in that day says the Lord I will
in that day says the Lord I will assemble the lame
assemble the lame
assemble the lame I will gather the outcasts and those
I will gather the outcasts and those
I will gather the outcasts and those whom I have afflicted I will make the
whom I have afflicted I will make the
whom I have afflicted I will make the lame a remnant and the outcast a strong
lame a remnant and the outcast a strong
lame a remnant and the outcast a strong nation so the Lord will reign over them
nation so the Lord will reign over them
nation so the Lord will reign over them in Mount Zion from now even forever and
in Mount Zion from now even forever and
in Mount Zion from now even forever and you hold Tower of the flock the
you hold Tower of the flock the
you hold Tower of the flock the stronghold of the daughter of Zion to
stronghold of the daughter of Zion to
stronghold of the daughter of Zion to you
you
you shall it come even the former Dominion
shall it come even the former Dominion
shall it come even the former Dominion shall come the kingdom of the daughter
shall come the kingdom of the daughter
shall come the kingdom of the daughter of Jerusalem now why do you cry aloud is
of Jerusalem now why do you cry aloud is
of Jerusalem now why do you cry aloud is there no king in your midst as your
there no king in your midst as your
there no king in your midst as your counselor perished for pangs have seized
counselor perished for pangs have seized
counselor perished for pangs have seized you like a woman in labor be in pain and
you like a woman in labor be in pain and
you like a woman in labor be in pain and labor to bring forth old daughter of
labor to bring forth old daughter of
labor to bring forth old daughter of Zion like a woman in birth pains for now
Zion like a woman in birth pains for now
Zion like a woman in birth pains for now you shall go forth from the city you
you shall go forth from the city you
you shall go forth from the city you shall dwell in the field and to Babylon
shall dwell in the field and to Babylon
shall dwell in the field and to Babylon you shall go there you shall be
you shall go there you shall be
you shall go there you shall be delivered there the Lord will redeem you
delivered there the Lord will redeem you
delivered there the Lord will redeem you from the hand of your enemies now also
from the hand of your enemies now also
from the hand of your enemies now also many nations have gathered against you
many nations have gathered against you
many nations have gathered against you who say let her be defiled and let our I
who say let her be defiled and let our I
who say let her be defiled and let our I look upon Zion but they do not know the
look upon Zion but they do not know the
look upon Zion but they do not know the thoughts of the Lord nor do they
thoughts of the Lord nor do they
thoughts of the Lord nor do they understand his counsel for he will
understand his counsel for he will
understand his counsel for he will gather them like sheaves to the
gather them like sheaves to the
gather them like sheaves to the threshing floor
threshing floor
threshing floor arise and Thresh of daughter of Zion for
arise and Thresh of daughter of Zion for
arise and Thresh of daughter of Zion for I will make your horn iron and I will
I will make your horn iron and I will
I will make your horn iron and I will make your hooves bronze you shall beat
make your hooves bronze you shall beat
make your hooves bronze you shall beat in pieces many people's I will
in pieces many people's I will
in pieces many people's I will consecrate their game to the Lord and
consecrate their game to the Lord and
consecrate their game to the Lord and their substance to the Lord of the whole
their substance to the Lord of the whole
their substance to the Lord of the whole [Music]